Mention examples of selection criteria in software maintenance (#203)
DE-RSE/2023_paper-RSE-groups: paper.tex

\begin{itemize}
\item The software needs to be developed according to software engineering best practices with a strong emphasis on testing and continuous integration.
\item The RSE hub needs to be involved during the development period either through development or consultation services in order to ensure that best practices are followed and the required knowledge is transferred to the hub.

> \item A mechanism for selecting and prioritising software projects to be maintained needs to be in place. For on overview of potential selection criteria see the secion \textit{How to decide which software to sustain?} in~\cite{Anzt2021}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item A mechanism for selecting and prioritising software projects to be maintained needs to be in place. For an overview of potential selection criteria see the section \textit{How to decide which software to sustain?} in~\cite{Anzt2021}.
```

> \item A mechanism for selecting and prioritising software projects to be maintained needs to be in place. Potential criteria for selection could e.g. be the internal leverage of the project to allow capacity building through research software or the strategic contribution to large community projects.

Reviewer 2: We could also refer to the section _How to decide which software to sustain?_ in this deRSE position paper: https://doi.org/10.12688/f1000research.23224.2

Author: I think this is an excellent idea. Will apply that.
